hello today I want you times
like ton ochs kadett and the cobox bantam
imagine
both from the alos series that is the
handles are made of aluminum
Unfortunately, victorinox offers only a small one
selection of its diameter with alu attacked
if I have the choice I grab
actually always to these models
First, I like the visual better
secondly, all the handles are fluted and therewith
it is much more handy from plastic
and third , they are more robust at two
men have victorinox knives themselves
After a few years the handles are minimal
forbidden
that is not bad but at
Of course , that can not be attacked
happen
and last but not least the fair in alu
grabbed a bit narrower
The quartet has a sword one
Can opener my little
screwdriver a bottle opener in
a big screwdriver and a
nail file both the can opener as
I also only need the bottle opener
quite rare
yet it is practically both to play in
on the other hand could have on the nail file
I personally do without on the way
the big screwdriver it very much
handy and can also be used
levers use the small ones
I do not think so useful consumption
I quite occasionally on the way
a small screwdriver
however, the small screws are in
many cases offset something down
so I with the screwdriver of
cadets get screwed on me
pay sticks and tweezers are at the
model with attacks basically not
available
I have the cadet before about two
Years have brought it as an idea to them
use
I have also done that for a while
and then at some point
the reason for that was the weight is with
a length of 82 centimeters
then we would have from 25 cm wide of
eight millimeters and a weight of
46 g20 nice and small and handy
However, you must not forget that
they do not use a lot of tools
offers and then it already gives me
again too much at 46 grams stops
but still on that one is off
heard it is not me
dissatisfied with it but am for that
weight even if it is not in itself
It does not weigh much
enough has to be taken every day
especially if there are better alternatives
are as the victorinox band have
The nail file fell while the band
but not me personally
further bothers were opened for cans
bottle opener folded what I
Personally, it's very convenient
I really need both tools
Not so often that I'm on the minimal
better opener by cadet
would be dependent and thus I spoke
again clearly place and weight of the
Although small screwdriver is also
but I had lost it
actually always the problem since the
often not slightly countersunk screws
probably also reached
not further for that has been on the
weight and size a lot done so
the band is flatter and 40 percent flatter
40 percent lighter
and the same for me
functionality
if I am between the cadet with the
band time would have to decide
so in any case the band will take
it's just extremely flat and light
so you can do it easily anytime
can take it without it
it's even so shallow that you can do it
just take the purse with you
I wish you a nice one
weekend and many thanks for
watch